Vulcan Materials Company (NYSE: VMC) is an American company based in Birmingham, Alabama. It is principally engaged in the production, distribution and sale of construction materials. Vulcan is the largest producer of construction materials, primarily gravel, crushed stone, and sand, and employs approximately 7,000 people at over 300 facilities.The Texas Medical Center (TMC) is a 2.1-square-mile (5.4 km2)[1] medical district and neighborhood in south-central Houston, Texas, immediately south of the Museum District and west of Texas State Highway 288. Over 60 medical institutions, largely concentrated in a triangular area between Brays Bayou, Rice University, and Hermann Park, are members of the Texas Medical Center Corporation—a non-profit umbrella organization—which constitutes the largest medical complex in the world.[1] The TMC has an extremely high density of clinical facilities for patient care, basic science, and translational research.The Pro Bowl is the all-star game of the National Football League (NFL). From the merger with the rival American Football League (AFL) in 1970 up through 2013 and since 2017, it is officially called the AFC–NFC Pro Bowl, matching the top players in the American Football Conference (AFC) against those in the National Football Conference (NFC). From 2014 through 2016, the NFL experimented with an unconferenced format, where the teams were selected by two honorary team captains (who are each in the Hall of Fame), instead of selecting players from each conference.[2] The players were picked in a televised "schoolyard pick" prior to the game.In 1903 a group of 30 or more physicians, members of the young Bexar County Medical Society,[1] together with about 30 business and professional men organized the San Antonio Associated Charities which built a four-story hospital on Dallas Street, the Physicians' and Surgeons' Hospital.

Today, Baptist Health System is a major healthcare provider in San Antonio and South Texas, the fourth largest civilian employer in San Antonio; and fully accredited by the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO). It is owned by Tenet Healthcare[2] and affiliated with the Baptist General Convention of Texas.[3]

Hospitals and facilities
Baptist Health System includes five acute-care hospitals which offer 1,673 licensed beds:

Baptist Medical Center in Downtown San Antonio
Mission Trail Baptist Hospital on the South Side
North Central Baptist Hospital in the Stone Oak district
Northeast Baptist Hospital on the eastern fringe of Uptown San Antonio
St. Luke's Baptist Hospital in the Medical Center
The system also includes:

Baptist Regional Children's Center
Baptist Women's Health Center
HealthLink wellness and fitness center
Baptist M&S Imaging Centers
Community health and wellness programs
Ambulatory services
Rehabilitation services
Medical office buildings including the newly opened Westover Baptist Medical Building
San Antonio AirLife air medical transport
Baptist Health System School of Health Professions.
Accreditations and memberships
Baptist Health System is fully accredited by the Joint Commission on the Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO).
The Society of Chest Pain Centers has granted the designation of Accredited Chest Pain Center to each of the five hospitals in the Baptist Health System. Baptist Medical Center, Mission Trail Baptist Hospital, North Central Baptist Hospital, Northeast Baptist Hospital and St. Luke's Baptist Hospital received full accreditation status from the Accreditation Review Committee on November 3, 2005. They are the first, and currently only, Accredited Chest Pain Centers in San Antonio, and are among fewer than 180 in the nation.[4]
Baptist Health System laboratories are accredited by the College of American Pathologists.
The Comprehensive Cancer Program of the Baptist Health System is accredited by the American College of Surgeons.
Baptist M&S Imaging Centers and Baptist Health System imaging departments are accredited by the American College of Radiology.
The Diabetes Self Management Course of Baptist Health System is Recognized by the American Diabetes Association.
The inpatient Rehabilitation Centers at St. Luke's Baptist Hospital and Baptist Medical Center are accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities.
San Antonio AirLife is among an elite group of emergency transport services in the U.S. to earn re-accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation of Medical Transport Systems. AirLife, owned jointly by the Baptist Health System and the University Health System, is one of only about 100 transport programs in the nation to meet these standards.
References.The National Institute of Traumatology & Orthopaedic Rehabilitation (NITOR) is an orthopedic hospital and undergraduate & post-graduate institute in Sher-e-Bangla Nagar, Dhaka, Bangladesh. It was established in 1972 by the Government of Bangladesh as the Shaheed Suhrawardy Hospital. In October 2002 the name of the institute was changed to National Institute of Traumatology & Orthopaedic Rehabilitation (NITOR).[1] NITOR is affiliated previously to Dhaka University and now to Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University.
Cedars-Sinai Medical Center is a nonprofit, tertiary, 886-bed hospital and multispecialty academic health science center located in Los Angeles, California.[1][2][3] Part of the Cedars-Sinai Health System, the hospital employs a staff of over 2,000 physicians and 10,000 employees,[4][5] supported by a team of 2,000 volunteers and more than 40 community groups.[6] As of 2020–21, U.S. News & World Report ranked Cedars-Sinai the second-best hospital in the western United States, behind UCLA Medical Center.[7] It ranked as the 7th-best hospital in the entire United States and was placed nationally in 12 adult medical specialties and rated high performing in 10 adult procedures and conditions.[8] Cedars-Sinai is a teaching hospital affiliate of David Geffen School of Medicine at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), which was ranked # 6 on the U.S. News 2021 Best Medical Schools: Research.[9]
Marina Del Rey Hospital is a 133-bed acute care, Joint Commission accredited[1] hospital in Los Angeles offering general acute medical services and 24/7 emergency care. Marina Del Rey Hospital, originally known as Marina Mercy Hospital underwent construction in 1969 and became a part of Cedars-Sinai Medical Group in September 2015.[2]

In 1980 the hospital was purchased by the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet, founders of Daniel Freeman Memorial Hospital in Inglewood, California.[3] They renamed the Marina del Rey facility Daniel Freeman Marina Hospital. The two Daniel Freeman hospitals were acquired in 2001 by Tenet Healthcare. The name of the Marina hospital was changed in 2004 when the Hospital transferred to the Centinela Freeman HealthSystem, and became the Centinela-Freeman Regional Medical Center, Marina Campus. In November 2007, the hospital was renamed Marina Del Rey Hospital.

Marina Del Rey Hospital is a community hospital that also offers specialty care in spine, orthopedics, surgical weight loss, minimally invasive general surgery and emergency care services.

The hospital's clinic for spine services is Marina Spine Center[4] led by Robert Watkins IV M.D., Robert Watkins III, M.D., David Chang, M.D. and Sean Bond, P.A.
The Ohio State Health System includes University Hospital and East Hospital, Ohio State's two full-service teaching hospitals. Other hospitals include Ohio State Harding Hospital, an inpatient and outpatient psychiatric hospital; the Richard M. Ross Heart Hospital, dedicated to the study, treatment and prevention of cardiovascular diseases; Ohio State Brain and Spine Hospital, meeting the specialized needs of patients with acute brain and spine disorders; Dodd Rehabilitation Hospital, with a rehabilitation inpatient program; and the OSU Primary Care Network, an extensive network of community-based primary and subspecialty care facilities throughout central Ohio.

More than 64,000 inpatients receive medical care annually from The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center and the Health System manages more than 1.81 million outpatient visits each year.[6]

The Wexner Medical Center has more than 23,000 employees, including more than 1,500 physicians, more than 800 residents and nearly 5,000 nurses.[6]

James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Institute
Main article: The James Cancer Hospital
The Arthur G. James Cancer Hospital and Richard J. Solove Research Institute is a dedicated cancer hospital and research center that is part of the university's Comprehensive Cancer Center, with a governance structure separate from, but coordinated with, Ohio State Wexner Medical Center. The OSUCCC – James is one of several cancer programs in the United States that features a National Cancer Institute (NCI)-designated comprehensive cancer center aligned with a nationally ranked academic medical center and a freestanding cancer hospital.

The Ohio State University College of Medicine
Main article: The Ohio State University College of Medicine
The Ohio State University College of Medicine is the medical school at The Ohio State University. The college is recognized in both education and research, as reflected by 2019 rankings in the Top 40 U.S. News & World Report. In the 2019 “Best Graduate Schools” rankings, The Ohio State University College of Medicine ranked only 32nd among all research medical schools in the nation. Among public universities, Ohio State is ranked number 12.[7]

Ohio State University Physicians
OSUP is a physician-led affiliated entity of The Ohio State University established in 2002. OSUP is the practice plan for the physician faculty, and manages and operates many clinics and ambulatory sites in Columbus and around central Ohio.The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center is a multidisciplinary academic medical center located in Columbus, Ohio, United States, on the main campus of The Ohio State University. It has been named in honor of Ohio State alumnus and The Limited founder Les Wexner since 2012.[2] For 26 consecutive years, U.S. News & World Report has recognized Ohio State Wexner Medical Center specialties in its "Best Hospitals" rankings. In 2020, it recognized 9 Ohio State Wexner Medical Center specialties, with ear, nose, and throat ranked #5, and rehabilitation ranked #12, this marked a decline from previous years.[3]

For 2018, USNWR named Ohio State Wexner Medical Center the best hospital in central Ohio.[4] In 2019, USNWR ranked Ohio State Wexner Medical Center the third best hospital in the state overall.The American College of Radiology (ACR), founded in 1923, is a professional medical society representing nearly 40,000 diagnostic radiologists, radiation oncologists, interventional radiologists, nuclear medicine physicians and medical physicists.

The ACR has 54 chapters in the United States, Canada and the Council of Affiliated Regional Radiation Oncology Societies (CARROS).
Texas Christian University (TCU) is a private Christian university in Fort Worth, Texas. It was established in 1873 by brothers Addison and Randolph Clark as the Add-Ran Male & Female College.[6]

The campus is located on 272 acres (110 ha) about 3 miles (5 km) from downtown Fort Worth. TCU is affiliated with, but not governed by, the Disciples of Christ. The university consists of eight constituent colleges and schools and has a classical liberal arts curriculum. It is classified among "R2: Doctoral Universities – High research activity".
The East Texas brothers Addison and Randolph Clark, together with the support of their father Joseph A. Clark, first founded Texas Christian University. The Clarks were scholar-preacher/teachers associated with the Restoration Movement. These early leaders of the Restoration Movement were the spiritual ancestors of the modern Disciples of Christ, as well as major proponents of education.


Part of TCU's Campus
Following their return from fighting for the Confederacy in the Civil War, brothers Addison and Randolph established a children's preparatory school in Fort Worth. This school, known as the Male & Female Seminary of Fort Worth, operated from 1869 to 1874. Both Clarks nourished a vision for an institution of higher education that would be Christian in character, but non-sectarian in spirit and intellectually open-minded. They purchased five blocks of land in downtown Fort Worth in 1869 for that purpose.

But from 1867 to 1872, the character of Fort Worth changed substantially due to the commercial influence of the Chisholm Trail, the principal route for moving Texas cattle to the Kansas rail heads. A huge influx of cattle, men, and money transformed the sleepy frontier village into a booming, brawling cowtown. The area around the property purchased by the Clarks for their college soon became the town's vice district, an unrelieved stretch of saloons, gambling halls, dance parlors, and bawdy houses catering to the rough tastes of the Chisholm Trail cowboys. Its rough and rowdy reputation had, by 1872, acquired it the nickname of "Hell's Half Acre" (the heart of which is today occupied by the Fort Worth Convention Center and the Fort Worth Water Gardens).


Sadler, TCU's Administrative Building
The Clarks feared that this negative environment undermined the fledgling university's mission. They began to look for an alternative site for their college, and they found it at Thorp Spring, a small community and stagecoach stop 40 miles (60 km) in Hood County to the southwest near the frontier of Comanche and Kiowa territory.

Move to Thorp Spring, 1873–1895

Thorp Spring, Texas, campus.
In 1873 the Clark brothers moved South to Thorp Spring and founded Add-Ran Male & Female College.[9] TCU recognizes 1873 as its founding year, as it continues to preserve the original college through the AddRan College of Liberal Arts.

Add-Ran College was one of the first coeducational institutions of higher education west of the Mississippi River, and the very first in Texas. This was a progressive step at a time when only 15% of the national college enrollment was female and almost all were enrolled at women's colleges.
Baylor University Medical Center (Baylor Dallas or BUMC), part of Baylor Scott & White Health, is a not-for-profit hospital in Dallas, Texas. It has 1,025 licensed beds and is one of the major centers for patient care, medical training and research in North Texas. In 1993, it was named by the U.S. News & World Report in its list of "America's Best Hospitals" for the fifteenth consecutive year.[1]

In 2013, Scott & White merged with Baylor Health Care System to form Baylor Scott & White Health.
In 1903, the hospital opened as Texas Baptist Memorial Sanitarium in a 14-room renovated house with 25 beds. It received its charter from the state government in October 1903 and had financial support from the Baptist General Convention of Texas. The nursing school was established in 1918. The hospital was renamed Baylor Hospital in 1921 and then Baylor University Hospital in 1936 to emphasize its relationship with the Baptist-affiliated Baylor University in Waco, Texas. The Baylor College of Medicine, College of Dentistry and School of Pharmacy were co-located with the hospital. The Florence Nightingale Maternity Hospital opened in 1937 on the same grounds. Financial difficulties due to the ongoing World War II forced the College of Medicine to move to Houston. The hospital faced an uncertain future since it no longer had the support of an affiliated medical school and its buildings were in need of renovation. Some of the doctors at the hospital who were also professors at the College of Medicine chose to stay with the hospital instead of moving to Houston.

The 1950s signaled a milestone in the development of the hospital. With the construction of the seven-story, 436-bed George W. Truett Memorial Hospital in 1950, Baylor became the fifth-largest general hospital in the country. In 1959, Florence Nightingale Maternity Hospital was replaced with a newly expanded Women's and Children's Hospital, later renamed Karl and Esther Hoblitzelle Memorial Hospital. At this point "medical center" was accordingly added to the hospital name.

Baylor Health Care System was formally established in 1981 with Baylor University Medical Center at Dallas as its flagship hospital and corporate headquarters.
Kaiser Permanente (/ˈkaɪzər pɜːrməˈnɛnteɪ/; KP), commonly known simply as Kaiser, is an American integrated managed care consortium, based in Oakland, California, United States, founded in 1945 by industrialist Henry J. Kaiser and physician Sidney Garfield. Kaiser Permanente is made up of three distinct but interdependent groups of entities: the Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc. (KFHP) and its regional operating subsidiaries; Kaiser Foundation Hospitals; and the regional Permanente Medical Groups. As of 2017, Kaiser Permanente operates in eight states (Hawaii, Washington, Oregon, California, Colorado, Maryland, Virginia, Georgia) and the District of Columbia, and is the largest managed care organization in the United States.

Kaiser Permanente is one of the largest nonprofit healthcare plans in the United States, with over 12 million members.[1] It operates 39 hospitals and more than 700 medical offices, with over 300,000 personnel, including more than 80,000 physicians and nurses.

Each Permanente Medical Group operates as a separate for-profit partnership or professional corporation in its individual territory, and while none publicly reports its financial results, each is primarily funded by reimbursements from its respective regional Kaiser Foundation Health Plan entity. KFHP is one of the largest not-for-profit organizations in the United States.

KP's quality of care has been highly rated and attributed to a strong emphasis on preventive care, its doctors being salaried rather than paid on a fee-for-service basis, and an attempt to minimize the time patients spend in high-cost hospitals by carefully planning their stay. However, Kaiser has had disputes with its employees' unions, repeatedly faced civil and criminal charges for falsification of records and patient dumping, faced action by regulators over the quality of care it provided, especially to patients with mental health issues, and faced criticism from activists and action from regulators over the size of its cash reserves.
The Medical Center, Navicent Health is a 637-bed hospital located in Macon, Georgia.[1] Formerly known as The Medical Center of Central Georgia (MCCG), the hospital is part of the Atrium Health Navicent healthcare system. MCNH is the second largest hospital in Georgia, behind Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta. MCNH is a teaching hospital affiliated with Mercer University School of Medicine and various schools of nursing. Nationally recognized for high quality care, MCNH serves 30 primary counties throughout central Georgia and southern Georgia, an area of approximately 750,000 residents, in addition to patients throughout the region. MCNH EMS serves Bibb, Jones, Treutlen, and Twiggs Counties. Beverly Knight Olson Children's Hospital, Navicent Health is located adjacent to MCNH.
A medical laboratory or clinical laboratory is a laboratory where tests are carried out on clinical specimens to obtain information about the health of a patient to aid in diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease.[1] Clinical Medical laboratories are an example of applied science, as opposed to research laboratories that focus on basic science, such as found in some academic institutions.
ProQuest LLC is an Ann Arbor, Michigan-based global information-content and technology company, founded in 1938 as University Microfilms by Eugene B. Power. ProQuest provides applications and products for libraries.[1]

ProQuest started as a producer of microfilm products, then became an electronic publisher,[2] and later grew through acquisitions.[1] Today, the company provides tools for discovery and citation management,[example needed] and platforms that allow library users to search, manage, use, and share research.[example needed]

ProQuest provides access to content, including dissertations, theses, ebooks, newspapers, periodicals, historical collections, governmental archives, cultural archives,[3] and other aggregated databases. This content is estimated to be around 125 billion digital pages.[4] Content is accessed most commonly through library Internet gateways.[2]

The current chief executive officer is Matti Shem Tov. ProQuest is part of Cambridge Information Group.
St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, founded in 1962, is a pediatric treatment and research facility focused on children's catastrophic diseases, particularly leukemia and other cancers. The hospital costs about US$2.8 million a day to run, but patients are not charged for their care.[1] It is located in Memphis, Tennessee, and is a nonprofit medical corporation designated as a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization by the Internal Revenue Service.

Alameda Hospital – Alameda (Alameda Health System)
Alta Bates Summit Medical Center (Sutter Health)
Alta Bates Campus – Berkeley
Herrick Campus – Berkeley
Summit Campus – Oakland (previous merger of Providence Hospital, Peralta Hospital, and Samuel Merritt Hospital)
Eden Medical Center – Castro Valley (Sutter Health)
Fairmont Rehabilitation and Wellness Center with hospital-based Skilled Nursing Facility – San Leandro (Alameda Health System)
Fremont Hospital (behavioral health facility) - Fremont
Hayward Hospital – Hayward (closed in 1988)[3]
Highland Hospital – Oakland (Alameda Health System)
John George Psychiatric Pavilion – San Leandro (Alameda Health System)
Kaiser Hayward (closed in 2014)[4] (Kaiser Permanente)
Naval Hospital Oakland (closed 1996) including nearby San Leandro Naval Hospital (closed 1964)
Kaiser Oakland Medical Center (Kaiser Permanente)S
Kaiser San Leandro Medical Center (Kaiser Permanente)
Kindred Hospital - San Francisco Bay Area (LTACH) – San Leandro (Kindred Healthcare)
Livermore VA Hospital – Livermore
St. Rose Hospital – Hayward
San Leandro Hospital – San Leandro (Alameda Health System)
UCSF Benioff Children's Hospital Oakland – Oakland
ValleyCare Medical Center – Pleasanton (Stanford Health Care)
Washington Hospital Healthcare System – Fremont
Contra Costa Regional Medical Center – Martinez
Doctors Medical Center – closed in 2015
John Muir Concord Medical Center – Concord (formerly Mt. Diablo Medical Center)
John Muir Walnut Creek Medical Center – Walnut Creek (Level II Trauma Center)
Kaiser Martinez Medical Center – closed in 1998[6]
Kaiser Richmond Medical Center
Kaiser Walnut Creek Medical Center
Los Medanos Community Hospital
San Ramon Regional Medical Center – San Ramon
Sutter Delta Medical Center – Antioch
Coalinga Regional Medical Center – Coalinga (closed)
Coalinga State Hospital – Coalinga (state run psychiatric hospital)
Community Medical Center-Clovis – Clovis
Community Regional Medical Center – Fresno
Fresno Heart & Surgical Hospital – Fresno (part of Community Medical Centers)
Fresno Surgical Hospital – Fresno
Kaiser Fresno Medical Center – Fresno
Kingsburg Medical Center – Kingsburg (closed)
Saint Agnes Medical Center – Fresno
San Joaquin Valley Rehabilitation Hospital
Sanger General Hospital – Sanger (closed)
Selma Community Hospital – Selma
Sierra Kings Hospital – Reedley (acquired by Adventist Health and renamed Adventist Medical Center – Reedley)
Glenn Medical Center
Jerold Phelps Community Hospital – Garberville
Mad River Community Hospital – Arcata
Redwood Memorial Hospital – Fortuna (owned by St. Joseph Health System)
St. Joseph Hospital – Eureka (includes the General Hospital Campus and Rehabilitation Hospital)
El Centro Regional Medical Center
Pioneers Memorial Hospital
Northern Inyo Hospital
Southern Inyo Hospital
Bakersfield Heart Hospital – Bakersfield
Bakersfield Memorial Hospital – Bakersfield
Delano Regional Medical Center – Delano
Kern Medical Center – Bakersfield
Kern Valley – Lake Isabella
Mercy Hospital Bakersfield (formerly named Mercy Truxton)
Mercy Southwest – Bakersfield
Ridgecrest Regional Hospital – Ridgecrest
San Joaquin Medical Center – Bakersfield
Adventist Medical Center – – Hanford
Central Valley General Hospital
Corcoran District Hospital
Naval Hospital Lemoore
St. Helena Hospital Clearlake
Sutter Lakeside Hospital
Banner Lassen Medical Center – Susanville
Alhambra Hospital Medical Center – Alhambra
Antelope Valley Hospital Medical Center – Lancaster
Aurora Las Encinas Hospital – Pasadena
Barlow Respiratory Hospital – Los Angeles
Burbank Community Hospital – Burbank (closed 1997) (renamed Thompson Memorial Medical Center Hospital)
California Hospital Medical Center – Los Angeles
Cedars-Sinai Medical Center – Los Angeles and Beverly Hills
Century City Hospital – Los Angeles (closed)
Children's Hospital Los Angeles – Los Angeles
City of Hope National Medical Center – Duarte
Encino Hospital Medical Center – Encino
Emanate Health/Foothill Presbyterian Hospital – Glendora
Estelle Doheny Eye Hospital [Los Angeles, California]] Closed
Garfield Medical Center – Monterey Park
Glendale Adventist Medical Center – Glendale
Glendale Memorial Hospital and Health Center – Glendale
Glendora Community Hospital – Glendora (formerly East Valley Hospital)
Good Samaritan Hospital – Los Angeles
Granada Hills Community Hospital – Granada Hills (closed August 2003)
Henry Mayo Newhall Memorial Hospital – Valencia
Hollywood Community Hospital of Hollywood – Hollywood
Hollywood Community Hospital of Van Nuys – Van Nuys
Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center – Los Angeles
Huntington Hospital – Pasadena
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Chatsworth – Chatsworth
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Panorama City
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – West Los Angeles
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Woodland Hills
Kaiser Foundation Hospital Sunset – Los Angeles
Keck Hospital of USC - Los Angeles (formerly USC University Hospital)
Lakewood Regional Medical Center – Lakewood
Lancaster Community Hospital – Lancaster (closed)
Los Angeles Community Hospital – Los Angeles
Los Angeles County High Desert Hospital – Lancaster (closed June 2003)
Los Angeles County Los Amigos Medical Center
Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center – Los Angeles
Los Angeles Metropolitan Medical Center – Los Angeles (closed 2013)
Mattel Children's Hospital UCLA – Los Angeles
Methodist Hospital of Southern California – Arcadia
Mission Community Hospital – Panorama Campus
Monrovia Community Hospital – (closed May 2004)
Monterey Park Hospital – Monterey Park
Motion Picture & Television Hospital – Woodland Hills
Northridge Hospital Medical Center – Northridge
Northridge Hospital Medical Center, Sherman Way Campus (closed December 2004)
Olive View-UCLA Medical Center – Sylmar
Olympia Medical Center – Los Angeles
Orthopaedic Hospital – Los Angeles (outpatient service only as of June 2005)
Pacific Alliance Medical Center – Los Angeles
Pacifica Hospital Of The Valley – Sun Valley
Palmdale Regional Medical Center – Palmdale
Pico Rivera Medical Center – Pico Rivera
Pomona Valley Hospital Medical Center - Pomona, California[7]
Promise Hospital of East Los Angeles – Los Angeles
Providence Holy Cross Medical Center – Mission Hills
Providence St. Joseph Medical Center – Burbank
Providence Tarzana Medical Center – Tarzana
Emanate Health/Queen of the Valley Hospital – West Covina
Resnick Neuropsychiatric Hospital at UCLA – Los Angeles
Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center – Los Angeles
St. John's Health Center – Santa Monica
St. Luke Medical Center – Sierra Madre (closed February 2002)
St. Vincent Medical Center – Los Angeles
San Gabriel Valley Medical Center – San Gabriel
San Vicente Hospital
Santa Marta Hospital (see Elastar Community Hospital (closed 2004)
Santa Teresita Hospital – Duarte (acute care closed January 2004)
Sherman Oaks Hospital and the Grossman Burn Center – Sherman Oaks
Shriners Hospital – Los Angeles
Silver Lake Medical Center – Los Angeles (formerly City of Angels Medical Center)
Silver Lake Medical Center, Ingleside Campus – Rosemead
Temple Community Hospital – Los Angeles (closed 2014)
Thompson Memorial Medical Center Hospital – Burbank (closed 1997) (formerly Burbank Community Hospital)
UCLA Medical Center, Santa Monica – Santa Monica
USC Kenneth Norris Jr. Cancer Hospital
USC Verdugo Hills Hospital – Glendale
VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare Center (Veterans Affairs) – Los Angeles
Valley Presbyterian Hospital – Van Nuys
Vencor Hospital – Los Angeles – Los Angeles
West Hills Hospital – West Hills
West Hills Regional Medical Center – West Hills]
West Los Angeles Memorial Hospital – Los Angeles
West Los Angeles VA Medical Center – Los Angeles
West Valley Hospital And Health Center – Canoga Park
Westlake Outpatient Medical Center – Westlake Village
Westside Hospital– Los Angeles
White Memorial Medical Center – Los Angeles
Avalon Municipal Hospital
Baldwin Park Hospital – Baldwin Park
Bay Harbor Hospital – (closed September 1999)
Bellflower Medical Center – Bellflower
Bellwood General Hospital – Bellflower (closed April 2003)
Beverly Hospital – Montebello
Broadway Community Hospital – Los Angeles (closed March 1982)
Brotman Medical Center – Culver City
Casa Colina Hospital For Rehab Medicine – Pomona
Centinela Freeman Regional Medical Center, Centinela Campus – Inglewood
Centinela Freeman Regional Medical Center, Marina Campus – Marina del Rey
Centinela Freeman Regional Medical Center, Memorial Campus – Inglewood (closed in 2007)
Emanate Health/Inter-community Hospital – Covina
Emanate Health/Queen of the Valley Hospital –West Covina
Coast Plaza Hospital – Norwalk
College Hospital – Cerritos
College Medical Center – Long Beach
Community Hospital of Gardena – Gardena
Community Hospital of Huntington Park – Huntington Park
Community Hospital of Long Beach – Long Beach
Daniel Freeman Memorial Hospital – Inglewood (closed 2007)
Doctors Hospital Of West Covina – West Covina
Downey Regional Medical Center – Downey
East Los Angeles Doctors Hospital – East Los Angeles
Elastar Community Hospital – East Los Angeles (closed in 2004)[8]
Gardens Regional Hospital & Medical Center (previously known as Tri-City Regional Medical Center)- Hawaiian Gardens[9]
Greater El Monte Community Hospital – South El Monte
Harbor-UCLA Medical Center – West Carson
Inter-Community Medical Center – West Covina
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Bellflower
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Carson
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Harbor City
Kaiser Permanente Medical Center – Baldwin Park
Little Company of Mary Hospital – San Pedro
Little Company of Mary Hospital – Torrance
Long Beach Community Hospital – Long Beach
Long Beach Doctors Hospital – Long Beach (closed June 1998)
Long Beach Memorial Medical Center – Long Beach
Los Angeles Community Hospital of Norwalk – Norwalk
Los Angeles Metropolitan Med Center – Hawthorne Campus – Hawthorne
Marina Del Rey Hospital – Marina Del Rey
Martin Luther King Jr. - Harbor Hospital – Willowbrook
Memorial Hospital Of Gardena – Gardena
Metropolitan State Hospital – Norwalk
Miller Children's Hospital – Long Beach
Mission Hospital of Huntington Park – Huntington Park
Morningside Hospital – Los Angeles (closed September 1980)
Presbyterian Intercommunity Hospital
Providence Little Company of Mary Medical Center, San Pedro Campus
Rancho Los Amigos National Rehabilitation Center – Downey (originally opened as Hollydale Medical center, closed 1988, reopened 1989)
Lakewood Regional Medical Center
Rio Hondo Hospital – Downey
Robert F. Kennedy Medical Center – Los Angeles (closed December 2004)
St. Francis Medical Center – Lynwood
St. Mary Medical Center – Long Beach
San Dimas Community Hospital
Specialty Hospital of Southern California
Suburban Medical Center - Paramount
Torrance Memorial Medical Center
University Hospital – 3787 S. Vermont Avenue Los Angeles (opened before 1958, closed 1983)
Whittier Hospital Medical Center
Valley Children’s Hospital – Madera
Madera Community Hospital – Madera
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – San Rafael
Kentfield Hospital (LTACH) (Vibra Healthcare)
MarinHealth Medical Center (formerly called Marin General Hospital) – Greenbrae
Novato Community Hospital
John C. Fremont Hospital
Ukiah Valley Medical Center – Ukiah
Frank R. Howard Memorial Hospital – Willits
Mendocino Coast District Hospital – Fort Bragg
Mendocino State Hospital (closed 1972)
Los Banos Community Hospital
Mercy Medical Center Merced Community Campus
Mercy Medical Center Merced Dominican Campus
Modoc Medical Center
Surprise Valley Community Hospital
Mammoth Hospital
Community Hospital of the Monterey Peninsula – Monterey
George L. Mee Memorial Hospital – King City
Natividad Medical Center – Salinas
Salinas Surgery Center – Salinas
Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital – Salinas
Napa State Hospital – Napa
Queen of the Valley Medical Center – Napa
Adventist Health St. Helena, (formerly St. Helena Hospital) – St. Helena
Sierra Nevada Memorial Hospital – Grass Valley
Tahoe Forest Hospital – Truckee
Anaheim General Hospital – Anaheim
Anaheim General Hospital – Buena Park Campus
Anaheim Regional Medical Center – Anaheim
Brea Community Hospital – Brea (closed)
Chapman Medical Center – Orange
Children's Hospital at Mission
Children's Hospital of Orange County – Orange
Coastal Communities Hospital – Santa Ana
College Hospital Costa Mesa
Fountain Valley Regional Hospital and Medical Center – Fountain Valley
Garden Grove Hospital and Medical Center – Garden Grove
HealthBridge Children's Rehabilitation Hospital – Orange
Hoag Memorial Hospital Presbyterian – Irvine
Hoag Memorial Hospital Presbyterian – Newport Beach
Huntington Beach Hospital and Medical Center – Huntington Beach
John Douglas French Center – Los Alamitos
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Anaheim
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Irvine
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Lakeview
Kindred Hospital – Brea
Kindred Hospital – Santa Ana
Kindred Hospital – Westminster
La Palma Intercommunity Hospital – La Palma
Los Alamitos Medical Center – Los Alamitos
Martin Luther Hospital Medical Center
Mission Hospital Regional Medical Center – Mission Viejo
Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center – Fountain Valley
Orange County Community Hospital – Buena Park
Placentia-Linda Community Hospital – Placentia
Saddleback Memorial Medical Center – Laguna Hills
St. Joseph Hospital (Orange, California) - Orange
St. Jude Medical Center – Fullerton
San Clemente Hospital and Medical Center – San Clemente
Santa Ana Hospital Medical Center – Santa Ana
South Coast Medical Center – Laguna Beach
Tustin Hospital Medical Center
Tustin Rehabilitation Hospital
University of California, Irvine Medical Center – Orange
Vencor Hospital – Brea
Vencor Hospital – Orange County
West Anaheim Medical Center – Anaheim
Western Medical Center – Anaheim
Orange County Global Medical Center – Santa Ana
Placer County
Kaiser Permanente Medical Center – Roseville
Sutter Auburn Faith Hospital
Sutter Roseville Medical Center
Plumas County
Eastern Plumas District Hospital
Indian Valley Hospital
Plumas District Hospital
Seneca Hospital
Riverside County
Banning General Hospital – Banning (built to support the Desert Training Center, since closed)
Corona Regional Medical Center – Corona
Desert Regional Medical Center – Palm Springs
Eisenhower Medical Center – Rancho Mirage
Hemet Valley Medical Center – Hemet
Inland Valley Regional Medical Center – Wildomar
John F. Kennedy Memorial Hospital – Indio
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Riverside
Lakeside Hospital – Perris
Loma Linda University Medical Center – Murrieta
Menifee Valley Medical Center – Sun City
Mission Valley Medical Center – Lake Elsinore
Moreno Valley Community Hospital – Moreno Valley
Palo Verde Hospital – Blythe
Parkview Community Hospital Medical Center – Riverside
Rancho Springs Medical Center – Murrieta
Riverside Community Hospital – Riverside
Riverside County Regional Medical Center – Moreno Valley
San Gorgonio Memorial Hospital – Banning
Temecula Valley Hospital - Temecula
Valley Plaza Doctors Hospital
Sacramento County
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – North Sacramento
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – South Sacramento
Mercy General Hospital
Mercy Hospital – Folsom
Mercy San Juan Medical Center
Methodist Hospital of Sacramento
Shriners Hospitals for Children Northern California
Sierra Vista Hospital
Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento
University of California Davis Medical Center
Vencor Hospital – Sacramento
San Benito County
Hazel Hawkins Memorial Hospital
San Bernardino County
Receiving Hospitals (With Emergency Department)

Arrowhead Regional Medical Center – Colton
Barstow Community Hospital – Barstow
Bear Valley Community Hospital – Big Bear Lake
Chino Valley Medical Center – Chino
Colorado River Medical Center – Needles
Community Hospital of San Bernardino – San Bernardino
Desert Valley Hospital – Victorville
Hi-Desert Medical Center – Joshua Tree
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Fontana
Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Ontario
Loma Linda University Medical Center – Loma Linda
Loma Linda Veterans Affairs Medical Center – Loma Linda
Doctor’s Hospital Montclair Medical Center – Montclair
Mountains Community Hospital – Lake Arrowhead
Redlands Community Hospital – Redlands
St. Bernardine Medical Center – San Bernardino
St. Mary Regional Medical Center – Apple Valley
San Antonio Community Hospital – Upland
Victor Valley Hospital – Victorville
Non-Receiving Hospitals (Without Emergency Department)

Canyon Ridge Hospital (acute psychiatric hospital) - Chino
Loma Linda University Children's Hospital – Loma Linda (On LLUMC campus)
Patton State Hospital – San Bernardino
Robert H. Ballard Rehabilitation Hospital – San Bernardino
Vencor Hospital – Ontario

Alvarado Hospital Medical Center – [[San
Children's Hospital and Health Center – San Diego
Children's Hospital of San Diego – San Diego
Green Hospital of Scripps Clinic – Scripps La Jolla Hospital, La Jolla, San Diego, California
Kaiser Permanente Medical Center – San Diego on Zion] [Kaiser Hospital in Clairmont Mesa, San Diego, California]
Kindred Hospital – San Diego
Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women – San Diego
Naval Medical Center San Diego – San Diego
Palomar Medical Center – Escondido
Paradise Valley Hospital – National City
Pomerado Hospital – Poway
Rady Children's Hospital[10]
San Diego County Psychiatric Hospital – San Diego
San Luis Rey Hospital – Encinitas
Scripps Health
Scripps Green Hospital – La Jolla
Scripps Memorial Hospital – Encinitas
Scripps Memorial Hospital – La Jolla
Scripps Mercy Hospital – Chula Vista
Scripps Mercy Hospital – San Diego
Sharp HealthCare
Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center – Chula Vista
Sharp Coronado Hospital – Coronado[Sharp Coronado subacute, Coronado, California]
Sharp Grossmont Hospital – La Mesa
Sharp Memorial Hospital – San Diego
Sharp Mesa Vista – San Diego
Tri-City Medical Center – Oceanside
UC San Diego Health – San Diego
UC San Diego Medical Center, Hillcrest – San Diego
Jacobs Medical Center – La Jolla
U.S. Naval Hospital (Camp Pendleton) – Camp Pendleton
Veterans Affairs Medical Center San Diego – La Jolla

Kaiser Permanente San Francisco Medical Center
Kentfield Hospital San Francisco (LTACH) (Vibra Healthcare) - located 6th floor of St. Mary's Medical Center
Saint Francis Memorial Hospital (Dignity Health)
San Francisco Chinese Hospital
San Francisco General Hospital (SFDPH)
San Francisco VA Medical Center
St. Mary's Medical Center (Dignity Health)
Sutter California Pacific Medical Center (Sutter Health)
Davies campus
Mission Bernal campus
Van Ness campus
UCSF Medical Center
Parnassus campus
Mount Zion campus
Mission Bay campus

Dameron Hospital – Stockton
Doctors Hospital of Manteca – Manteca
Kaiser Manteca Medical Center – Manteca
Lodi Memorial Hospital – Lodi
St. Joseph's Medical Center – Stockton
San Joaquin General Hospital – French Camp
Sutter Tracy Community Hospital – Tracy

Arroyo Grande Community Hospital – Arroyo Grande
Atascadero State Hospital – Atascadero
French Hospital Medical Center – San Luis Obispo
San Luis Obispo General Hospital (closed June 2003)
Sierra Vista Regional Medical Center – San Luis Obispo
Twin Cities Community Hospital – Templeton

Kaiser Foundation Hospital – Redwood City (Kaiser Permanente)
Kaiser South San Francisco Medical Center – South San Francisco (Kaiser Permanente)
Hassler Health Farm – San Carlos (closed 1972)
Menlo Park VA Hospital – Menlo Park
Menlo Park Surgical Hospital - Menlo Park (Sutter Health)
Mills-Peninsula Medical Center – Burlingame (Sutter Health)
San Mateo Medical Center – San Mateo
Sequoia Hospital – Redwood City (Dignity Health)
Seton Medical Center – Daly City
Seton Medical Center – Coastside – Moss Beach
Santa Barbara County
Cottage Children's Hospital – Santa Barbara
Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital – Santa Barbara
Lompoc Valley Medical Center – Lompoc
Marian Regional Medical Center[11] – Santa Maria
Saint Francis Medical Center – Santa Barbara
Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital – Santa Barbara
Santa Ynez Valley Cottage Hospital – Solvang
Santa Clara County
CHoNC Pediatric Hospital– Campbell, California
El Camino Hospital

Los Gatos campus (formerly Community Hospital of Los Gatos)
Good Samaritan Hospital – San Jose (HCA Healthcare)
Kaiser Permanente Santa Clara Medical Center – Santa Clara
Kaiser Permanente Santa Teresa Medical Center – San Jose
Lucile Salter Packard Children's Hospital at Stanford – Palo Alto
O'Connor Hospital – San Jose (Santa Clara County Health System)
Regional Medical Center of San Jose – San Jose (HCA Healthcare)
Saint Louise Regional Hospital – Gilroy (Santa Clara County Health System)
San Jose Medical Center – San Jose
Santa Clara Valley Medical Center – San Jose (Santa Clara County Health System)
Stanford University Medical Center – Stanford
VA Palo Alto Hospital – Palo Alto

Dominican Hospital – Santa Cruz
Sutter Maternity and Surgery Hospital – Santa Cruz
Watsonville Community Hospital– Watsonville
Shasta County
Mayers Memorial Hospital District – Fall River Mills
Mercy Medical Center (Redding) – Redding
Shasta Regional Medical Center – Redding

Fairchild Medical Center – Yreka
Mercy Medical Center (Mt. Shasta) – Mount Shasta

Adventist Health Vallejo (behaviorial health) - to be sold to Acadia Healthcare mid-2021; (formerly California Specialty Hospital; St. Helena Center For Behavioral Health) – Vallejo
David Grant USAF Medical Center – Travis Air Force Base
Kaiser Permanente Medical Center – Vallejo
NorthBay Medical Center – Fairfield[12]
Sutter Solano Medical Center – Vallejo
NorthBay VacaValley Hospital – Vacaville[12]
Kaiser Permanente Medical Center – Vacaville (Level II Trauma Center)

Healdsburg District Hospital – Healdsburg
Kaiser Permanente Medical Center Santa Rosa – Santa Rosa
Sonoma Speciality Hospital (LTACH) (former Sonoma West Medical Center and Palm Drive Hospital) – Sebastopol
Petaluma Valley Hospital – Petaluma
Santa Rosa Memorial Hospital – Santa Rosa (Level II Trauma Center)
Sonoma Developmental Center – Eldridge
Sonoma Valley Hospital – Sonoma
Sutter Medical Center of Santa Rosa – Santa Rosa

Doctors Medical Center of Modesto – Modesto
Emanuel Medical Center – Turlock
Kaiser Medical Center – Modesto
Memorial Medical Center – Modesto
Oak Valley Hospital – Oakdale

Fremont Memorial Hospital – Yuba City

Saint Elizabeth Community Hospital – Red Bluff

Mountain Community Medical Services – Weaverville
Tulare County
Kaweah Delta Medical Center – Visalia
Porterville Developmental Center – Porterville
Sierra View District Hospital – Porterville
Tulare Regional Medical Center – Tulare
Tuolumne County
Sonora Regional Medical Center – Sonora

Camarillo State Mental Hospital – Camarillo (closed 1997)
Community Memorial Hospital – Ventura
Los Robles Hospital & Medical Center – Thousand Oaks
St. John's Hospital Camarillo – Camarillo
St. John's Regional Medical Center – Oxnard
Santa Paula Hospital – Santa Paula
SHC Specialty Hospital - Westlake Village, California closed
Simi Valley Hospital – Simi Valley
Ventura County Medical Center – Ventura

Sutter Davis Hospital – Davis
Woodland Memorial Hospital – Woodland